everyone welcome back to another
hardware news recap for the week in
taozi 490 in the news and the in the RX
the 600 XT in rumors to us this time the
Xbox in am being kind of walked back by
Microsoft already that be the series X
they say now it's just going to be
called the Xbox and it still got X's in
it so that means gamers will buy it and
also some news about the prime records
for 3900 X Corsair acquiring scuffed
gaming and some flash memory
advancements before that this video is
brought to you by Lee Anne Lee is 11
dynamic XL the o 11 dynamic exile is a
follow-up to the critically acclaimed 11
dynamic but it's bigger to support more
complex built we've done air cooling
builds and an elaborate liquid cooling
build in the O 11 dynamic XL and we're
confident and recommending the case is
one of the best options on the market
learn more about the LAN Li 11 dynamic
excel at the link in the description
below
quick GN news update first our
disappointment PC 2019 shirts in sold
out in several sizes in under 24 hours
so 3 X 4 X 5 X 6 X I think extra small
maybe I'm not sure and small all really
low inventory are sold out basically
immediately so thank you for the
tremendous support we really appreciate
it if you want to grab one they are on
store documents next to stop net before
they go away and then also while you're
there I did discount the posters the
video card post or just behind the shirt
right now if you want to pick one of
those up we discounted it to $9.99 on
sale for a bit so let's get into the
news first off we did some
collaborations with bps customs Brian
whom we worked with in China previously
we did some factory towards alongside
him and he's posted a few videos so he
did one where I sort of trained him the
basics of liquid nitrogen overclocking
we pushed the 3950 X to 5 gigahertz and
1530 minutes something like that if you
want to check it out it is on his
channel VPS customs and he's got another
video where I'm on there talking about
my favorite product of the year which is
probably not one that many of you would
expect separately he helped us build an
insane PC for video production and we're
going to show that off this week too if
you haven't seen it already
right about that Xbox name last week the
internet was abuzz after a surprise
reveal by Microsoft about its next-gen
console there's a lot of discussion on
both the size and the name and of course
a lot of the more mainstream outlets
were like oMG it's basically a computer
except oMG they've been basically
computers for a long time now and this
isn't the first time it's basically a
computer anyway among the reactions both
the name of the design seem to be
equally polarizing and the discussion
from Microsoft is that Microsoft has
indicated the Xbox 360 naration is
simply Xbox and at the Game Awards you
saw that name come to life through the
Xbox series acts and quote so there you
have it the name of the new Xbox is sex
box it might be Xbox series a it's not
really clear what those words mean
Business Insider was probably the right
choice to to use that vague statement
for another quote here similar to what
fans have seen with the previous
generations the name Xbox Series acts
allows room for additional consoles in
the future this is an quote there this
isn't unlike what Microsoft has done
confusingly this generation with the
Xbox one x X Box 1 s Xbox one asked
all-digital Microsoft is suggesting that
this naming convention will help
simplify consoles under the Xbox brand
and it also more or less confirms rumors
of project la carte which has been
rumored as a less powerful next-gen
console being developed alongside the
series X sorry the Xbox that console
could land in the form of the Xbox at
Ceres ax yeah s that's that's right
again it could land in the form of the
Xbox Series
ass these names doing a good job
Microsoft no wonder your sales are so
much better than Playstations that's you
soon next one and the rx 5600 XT
rumors for CES we've been speaking with
companies about CES bookings this year
it's a bit more scarce than typically
but it looks like it's still going to be
a really good show there's a lot of cool
stuff lined up we've gotten some
information on what will be there and
overall it looks like a really
interesting show it's just that it's
taken more work to figure out what's
going to be interesting that's because
Andy has launched so much of its
portfolio in just the last few months
Intel has launched all of its known
desktop CPU portfolios for the time
being and video doesn't have any rumored
announcements so we've been asking
people what are you going to have there
and for the most part we can't tell you
but there's one series of rumors we've
heard that we can sort of put out there
and it's that the 5600 XT exists
probably anyway we've had multiple
confirmations so it exists and it might
be at the show it's just gonna be a
question of whether or not we can show
it and that'll come down to what AMD
decides it wants to show because
ultimately being the silicon provider
they're gonna be the ones who tell the
the company's board partners under them
if they can show the cards are not so
anyway 5600 XT is a Fame that's gonna
happen we don't have the price we don't
have the specs all we know is that it's
supposed to compete with Nvidia and the
segments of the market where AMD doesn't
currently have a lot of competition
which is in the between the the 5700
onyx t and the 5500 XT go figure
the name we'll put it there anyway
another rumor while we're at it until Z
490 might happen someday the Intel Z for
tiny motherboards we've heard about or
seen in person since we were last in
Asia and they've been in development
ever since they've mostly been delayed
but Z 490 might have a few boards at CES
it's again it's we might not be able to
show them to you someone will probably
leak them if they're there but and then
once they leak at that point it often
becomes a game of 10 min seeing the
manufacturers that they might as well
I'd also officially show it but anyway
if it's not there sometime also in in
first quarter maybe first half there's
supposed to be a z4 90 launch and it
will be a new socket
it's probably supposed to be for like a
ten 900k or whatever it ends up being
called the ten core not to be confused
with ten nine hundred x next one not a
rumor Russian President Vladimir Putin
loves his Windows XP so as it turns out
Vladimir Putin and the Russian
government at large are among the
Windows XP holdouts there are official
press photos showing Putin using the 18
year old operating system as spotted by
Russian site open media and subsequently
reported by PC gamer this story the
photos show Putin using Windows XP in
the Kremlin as well as his official
residence and Microsoft if you weren't
aware officially took Windows XP off of
life support six years ago in April
think of 2014 did we mention it's 18
years old Windows XP is old enough to
vote now operating systems they they
grow up so fast now we have to wonder if
Putin send secure instant messages with
MSN Messenger 5.0 or maybe he is this
net to phone for secure phone calls or
NetMeeting for video conferences we'll
keep going don't someone stop me stop me
before I dig up Kazaa and Ares as they
try to usurp LimeWire for its later
dominance of the market more seriously
anyway Windows 10 has apparently been
forbidden from being installed on any
machine that stores confidential
information
additionally Microsoft Windows XP was
the last for and OS certified for
government use in Russia Russia is also
in the process of migrating to Russian
Astro Linux which has been ongoing and
the to be fair here we've seen Windows
XP and use and factories all over Asia
as well which in that instance is less
about security and more about it works
in it it runs the CNCs or whatever
machines they sometimes Windows 3.1 runs
the machines that it runs and so why
change it but anyway just kind of a fun
throwback for us think I think PC gamer
might have let's see their URL was Putin
still uses Windows XP like your Grand
anyway no one can get rid of X 299
motherboard motherboard manufacturers
are stuck
mountain of X 299 boards perhaps
unsurprisingly some of them have been
sitting on the boards for more than a
year now trying to get rid of them and
this is based off of conversations we've
had with motherboard partners sales have
always been slow for X 299 in the
beginning X 299 and the CPUs on it were
significantly more competitive than they
are as compared to today but even then
it wasn't as exciting we in fact made a
video at Computex maybe two years ago
now where we said no one cares about X
299 coverage and the irony there was we
had all this coverage of new
motherboards X 299 that not many people
were watching it we made a video no one
cares about these X 299 motherboard
videos and that video got more views
than all the other ones combined so no
one really cared about it I guess except
for when they wanted to care about not
caring about it and the X 299 boards
have been largely stuck on shelves
you're probably going to see some X 299
motherboard ads in the next few weeks as
the manufacturers tried to find any
means necessary to get there to claw the
market share for that board to the
extent that they can away from their
competitors
it probably won't increase the sales of
the CPUs but I guess the goal really is
to make sure that company well I was
gonna pick a letter to not name a
company but then the letter sounds like
I'm naming a company company one is
trying to take the small motherboard
sales from company two and so forth so
you're gonna see some ads for that us
included and it's away from the more
successful x57 the ads as well but
anyway that's a couple board vendors are
affected by this by which I mean all of
them who make X 299 this is a downside
though and leads to an interesting
talking point of relying on a partner
like a silicon partner to produce a
product that helps move your product so
that be aimed the Nvidia Innes how the
big three control the sales of all these
board partners indirectly and directly
next one Rison 9 3900 X W prime world
record Australian overclocker
Jordan hide the 99 recently managed to
steal the W prime world record from
Intel's I 979 20x taking more of the shy
and away from Intel perhaps adding
insult to injury and these rising 9 3900
X managed to overtake the record at a
lower frequency as well
our 939 hundred x and i nine seven nine
twenty ax are 12 core 24 thread parts
but offer different stock frequencies
and look different under the hood the
horizon nine thirty nine hundred acts as
part of am these at larger Rison three
thousand family based on this end to
architecture which is in turn
underpinned by TSMC is 7 nanometre
process note the i 979 20 X is another
skylake derivative based on Intel's 14
nanometer silicon the horizon 9 3900 ax
was overclocked 256 25 megahertz using
no shortage of allen to to complete a w
prime 1024 m benchmark run in 35 seconds
and 517 milliseconds which does become
important the previous record saw the I
979 20x at 5955 megahertz
some completely same bench pass in 35
seconds and 693 milliseconds so it's
really small margin there the r9 3900 ax
being able to take the record even by 2
milliseconds at a lower stable frequency
well stable and big quotes there stands
has proved to the IBC improvements and
architectural advancements for AMD this
generation there's been some
back-and-forth though between Intel and
AMD chips since this will happen so the
OSI battle is heating up and if you're
interested in that stuff there's a lot
to watch between the top overclockers
that are running both AMD and intel
chips Corsair acquires scuff gaming
course there's acquisitions have shown
no no form of slowing down lately tour
sir had a major investment in the last
year or two and it's now been buying
things up like al gato and origin PC you
might remember the OEM for the SI and
course there's acquisition race
continues as the company recently agreed
to acquire controller maker scuff gaming
the specifics of the deal weren't
disclosed yet but the acquisition is
expected to be finalized by the end of
this month
scoff gaming owns an extensive patent
portfolio with more than 100 patents
those will now belong to Corsair scoffs
controllers are modular in design and
are intended to ease strain and shorten
players hand movements some of the scoff
modular components include paddles
triggers thumb sticks and d-pad of
course are stated that scuff gaming will
operate as a separate brand under the
growing Corsair umbrella which includes
mostly
PC and el gato kkeok Co develops new
twin BICS flash memory you can crack me
on the pronunciation there GRC Akio Xie
I don't know but formerly Toshiba memory
it's developed a new type of flash
memory technology that could supersede
ql scene and which superseded TLC and
unfortunately mlc for the reducing
endurance as we keep going at this the
benefit of capacity but former Toshiba
announced twin B ICS flash which is to
be used in conjunction with another of
their technologies BICS flash non twin
twin B ICS flash focuses increasing
density with a two-pronged approach
increasing the bits per cell by
decreasing the cell size itself
traditionally there are a few ways to
increase density adding memory layers is
one such way as evidenced by the current
96 layered and on the market SK Hynix is
also currently sampling 128 layer and
which should eventually succeed the 96
layer NAND and then there's increasingly
bits per cell we've currently reached
four bits per cell cql seen and others
talked about five bits per cell and the
not-so-distant future though increase in
the bits per cell usually comes with
decreased endurance which has been a
problem with the QL CNN yet another way
is to decrease cell size source to allow
more bits per layer it's this method
that makes the foundation of twin B ICS
flat twin B ICS flash uses semi circular
floating gate cells or FG as opposed to
circular charge traps LC t this allows
twin B ICS flash to achieve a larger
program erase window quote 3d flash
memory technology has achieved high bit
density with low cost per bit by
increasing the number of cell stacked
layers as well as implementing
multi-layer stacked deposition and high
aspect ratio edging in recent years as
the number of cell layers exceeds 100
managing the trade-offs among edge
profile control size uniformity and
productivity is becoming increasingly
challenging to overcome this problem
kkeok sia has developed a new
semicircular cell design by splitting
the gate electrode and the conventional
circular cell to reduce cell size
compared to the conventional circular so
enabling the higher density memory at a
lower number of cell layers and they're
working on their own 128 layer NAND
that's slated to arrive in 2020 that'll
be it for the news thanks for watching
subscribe for more go grab the shirts
before they gone at store documents XS
net it's got all the disappointing
products for the year off the back of
the shirt and hopefully everyone has a
good holiday or at least good end of
year if you're getting some time off
because I'll be here making videos so
check back for those I'll see you all
next time